Detect Parsing errors in read_csv first row with index_col=False (#40629)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.3.0.rst

- Bug in :func:`read_hdf` returning unexpected records when filtering on categorical string columns using ``where`` parameter (:issue:`39189`)
- Bug in :func:`read_sas` raising ``ValueError`` when ``datetimes`` were null (:issue:`39725`)
- Bug in :func:`read_excel` dropping empty values from single-column spreadsheets (:issue:`39808`)

> - Bug in "func:`pandas.read_csv` failed to raise ParserError when first row had too many columns and index_col=False (:issue:`40333`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :func:`read_csv` failing to raise ParserError when first row had too many columns and ``index_col=False`` (:issue:`40333`)
```

- Bug in :func:`read_hdf` returning unexpected records when filtering on categorical string columns using ``where`` parameter (:issue:`39189`)
- Bug in :func:`read_sas` raising ``ValueError`` when ``datetimes`` were null (:issue:`39725`)
- Bug in :func:`read_excel` dropping empty values from single-column spreadsheets (:issue:`39808`)
- Bug in :func:`read_csv` failing to raise ParserError when first row had too many columns and ``index_col=False`` (:issue:`40333`)
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.to_string` misplacing the truncation column when ``index=False`` (:issue:`40907`)

> - Bug in :func:`read_csv` failing to raise ParserError when first row had too many columns and ``index_col=False`` (:issue:`40333`)

Reviewer: Looks like a duplicate entry

Author: Fixed. Thanks.
